Each branch of the military has its own personality within them. The branches
of the military have their own personality. The personality
of the people in cryptology were different the personality of the guys
we're in aviation. And they were different from the guys who were
in the infantry units in the Marine Corps. But the marine corps has
a personality that is largely let's figure out where we're going to
and then let's go there come hell or high water. So the they're very
very much let's get something happening and that's that differentiates
from so many of the other services. Here the navy on the other
hand, I think in their personality is largely we have huge complex and
interdependent sets of equipment and systems on ships. And therefore
we must be very technical. We must understand each other's jobs.
We must know exactly what the other guy whose job is and how is equipment
works. And we as best we can, we need to be able to fill in for
him if he can't do his job. And so so that there's a kind of a almost
a technical orientation the probably goes back to the good old
days where you know the people who were allowed to go aloft and set
to sales had to know what they were doing. They were just following
directions they had to know how to sail a ship in order there was going
to be big trouble. So there isn't a difference there. the airforce
is oriented toward getting the pilots in the sky and recovered aircraft
and that leads to kind of the separation of pilots and then the
Russian airforce. But it's a separation of works well because everybody's
place seeing together. The army is so diverse it's hard to
see any single personality. But there is that solid feeling that, "hey
we are the guys who really gets the job done and make it happen,"
everybody else holds out you can drop bombs you could sales there in
your ships. You know the Marines can help us get ashore, but when
it comes time to move across the land and we're the guys who have to
get it done and so we are the guys you have to rely on.